## Setting up the project on CircleCI

In this step, we will automate the deployment process. From the root of the project folder, [push the project to GitHub](https://circleci.com/blog/pushing-a-project-to-github/).

Now, go to the Projects page on the [CircleCI dashboard](https://app.circleci.com/projects). Select the associated GitHub account to add the project.

Add Project - CircleCI

Click the **Set Up Project** button to begin setting up the project.

Add Config - CircleCI

On the setup page, click Use Existing Config to instruct CircleCI that you are adding a configuration file manually and not using the sample displayed. Next, you are prompted to either download a configuration file for the pipeline or to start building.

Build Prompt - CircleCI

Click Start Building. This build will fail because you have not set up the configuration file yet. We will complete this step later on in the tutorial.

You will need access to your Azure account from your deployment script, which is why we created the Azure Service Principal account at the start of the tutorial. We can use the azure-cli orb to log in and use Azure CLI in the deployment script. This orb requires a some environment variables to be set up on the project.

These are:

AZURE_SP, which is your Service Principal's appId value
AZURE_SP_PASSWORD is the password key in your service principal account creation response
AZURE_SP_TENANT is the tenant key in your service principal account creation response
FUNCTION_APP_NAME is the name of your Azure function app created using the Azure CLI
FUNCTION_APP_NAME_RESOURCE_GROUP is the name of the Azure resource group in which the Azure function app was created
OPENWEATHERMAP_API_KEY is the API key generated when you registered with Openweather

Go to Project Settings and then Environment Variables on your CircleCI project and click Add Environment Variable.

Add Environment Variable - CircleCI

Using the dialog, add the environment variables described earlier.